feat(eslint-plugin): [no-floating-promises] add checkThenables option (#9263)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-floating-promises.mdx

## Options

> ### `checkThenables`

Reviewer: (optional - up to your judgement)
I personally would love to see it spelled out that there are really two cases.
1. Traditional Thenables which are intended to act like promises, and therefore _should_ be subject to the same checks around rejection that ordinary Promises are. (which is probably not terribly important anymore, since people are probably almost all using ordinary Promises, or at least ordinary Promise _types_ with a polyfill provided by a build step, but probably _not_ really using custom Promise polyfill types anymore very frequently) 
1. Custom objects that (ab)use the Thenable/async/await protocol to hijack the `await` syntax for behavior which may bear no resemblance at all to Promises. (of which the only example I've heard come up in discussions is the fastify case)

Author: This is good info! Linking to #8517: I think I'll want to put deeper dives / contextual info in the dedicated docs.

A ["Thenable"](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise#thenables) value is an object which has a `then` method, such as a `Promise`.
Other Thenables include TypeScript's built-in `PromiseLike` interface and any custom object that happens to have a `.then()`.

> The `checkAllThenable` option triggers `no-floating-promises` to also consider all values that happen to be Thenable, not just Promises.

Reviewer: nit - technically this is very slightly false (since it only considers thenables that can catch a rejected state with a second parameter), but I doubt anyone cares.

Author: Good point! I'll fix it just to be safe.

> The `checkAllThenable` option triggers `no-floating-promises` to also consider all values that happen to be Thenables with `.then()` two parameters, not just Promises.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `checkThenables` option triggers `no-floating-promises` to also consider all values that happen to be Thenables with `.then()` that takes two parameters, not just Promises.
```

This can be useful if your code works with older `Promise` polyfills instead of the native `Promise` class.

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="❌ Incorrect">

```ts option='{"checkThenables": true}'
declare function createPromiseLike(): PromiseLike<string>;

createPromiseLike();

interface MyThenable {
  then(onFulfilled: () => void, onRejected: () => void): MyThenable;
}

declare function createMyThenable(): MyThenable;

createMyThenable();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="✅ Correct">

```ts option='{"checkThenables": true}'
declare function createPromiseLike(): PromiseLike<string>;

await createPromiseLike();

interface MyThenable {
  then(onFulfilled: () => void, onRejected: () => void): MyThenable;
}

declare function createMyThenable(): MyThenable;

await createMyThenable();
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> > This option is enabled by default in v7 but will be turned off by default in v8.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info
This option is enabled by default in v7 but will be turned off by default in v8.
:::
```
